README.md, before:

# DungeonForge

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 16.1.3.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

Update Readme to include project details

README.md, after:

# Dungeon Forge Web Application

## Background

As a new dungeon master in my local Dungeons and Dragons group, I find it difficult to be creative and design campaigns that will be interesting, engaging, and entertaining for the players involved. Dungeon masters often spend weeks researching, planning, and designing the world in which their players will adventure. However, that much time and effort is extremely difficult to expend, especially when balancing their every day schedule.

To simplify the campaign creation process and reduce the load on dungeon masters, the Dungeon Forge application generates new campaigns for users. Displayed in a format most Dungeons and Dragons players are familiar with, dungeon masters can follow the generated campaigns with their group. By filling in information about the campaign they want to create, dungeon masters receive a new campaign generated for them.

## Features
- Landing Page - A page for dungeon masters to learn more about the Dungeon Forge program
- User Authentication - An authentication framework will allow users to save and view previously generated campaigns
- Campaign Generation Form - A form with which the dungeon master can configure the parameters of the generated campaign
- Campaign View - Dungeon Masters should be able to view their generated campaigns within the web application
- Download Campaign - Once a campaign has been generated, Dungeon Masters should be able to download the campaign to their local computer

## Angular Project

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 16.1.3.

### Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

### Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

### Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

### Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

### Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

### Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
